#Magnolian_Sea #NPC 
A man considered to be the God of the sea. Others belive him to be the devil. A man capable of single handidly maning a ship considered to be a phisical anomaly. No [[Magnolian Pirates|Magnolian Pirate]] fears a man as much as they fear Black Beard sailing the [[Flying Dutchman]]. He uses souls of the [[Dying#The Damned|Damned]] to power the [[Flying Dutchman]] and the rest of his fleet, as he sinks countless vessels in persiut of tresure. His thirst for souls and booty is unquenchable.
# [[Vampire|Vampiric]] Hieritige
Black Beard is a [[Vampire]] who has learned to controll his power of soul collecting. He can breath under water. He manages the [[Flying Dutchman]] by transfering souls of the [[Dying#The Damned|Damned]] into magic powering his ship. 
# [[The Mark of The Stars|Mark of The Stars]] 
Black Beard is one of [[Sombra de los Muertos|Sombra]]s least favourite people alive. He managed to find a flaw in his system and is now abusing it for his own personal gain. Black Beard enslaves the souls of the [[Dying]] before [[Sombra de los Muertos|Sombra]] can get to them to give them a second chance at the [[Colosseum of The Damned]]. This turns the enslaved sould into [[Dying#The Damned|Damned]] souls. The souls can only escape and get this chance at the [[Colosseum of The Damned]] once Black Beard has used them as a power source. This is why his whole body is covered in [[The Mark of The Stars]], he is the biggest heretic in the world. Unfortunately this works in Black Beards favour, since being closely related to the [[Dying#The Damned|Damned]] makes them easier to manipulate.