#Player 
Created by [[Terence Reinhart]] to fight in the [[Badija-Ophilia civil war]], stolen by a soldier to earn money in the [[Magnolian Colosseum]]. Pretty okay at performing in the Colosseum, super intimidating. No one can recognise him, since he stole the armour, shield and weapons that were supposed to be given to him later. Managed to escape the Colosseum with help from [[Frank Sinatra]]. Desperately wants to kill its previous owner. Wants [[Yalier Verdrak]] to fix him up so no one can see how hideous he is. Wants a friend again. Wants to see the beauty in life. A mish-mash of three [[Badija and Ophilia]] slave kids. A pussy, his biggest strength is being scared of losing. Was given a somewhat happy life by its creator, because kids don't care about looks. This was of course ripped away from him to give him the anger needed to fight in war. Loves all kind of food, was only fed slop. Hates gambling and betting. Scared of animals, has only ever fought them. Scared of loud and many noises, used to the perfect quiet of the Colosseum. Intimidation is his only known form of diplomacy.    
Hiding in the sewers, with broken down armour and shield and weapons. Is low-key kinda useless without allies. Can't carry shit Gives thumbs up and down when downing enemies to party to know whether to finish. Has [[The Mark of The Stars]], as he is partially a product of necromancy. Short term goal: kill [[Terence Reinhart]] Long term goal: realize that [[Terence Reinhart]] was not smart enough to create him, there are other people involved, but who? Prevent this from happening to other kids, maybe stopping all gladiator sports. Hears about the kid trafficking, wants to stop it. Cool armor looking like three different suits of different (steel, iron and brass plated) material, fused to one (the elden ring guy), with three tortured faces. Shield is a huge metal shield with three interwoven trees, one iron, one steel and one brass. Weapon is a three tailed flail, one covered in steel, one in brass, one in iron.