#Lore 
There are multiple steps to dying in this world. 
# The Living
First there are the living, this is the base case. People get born and live in this world experiencing and creating stories. [[Nameless King]] is in a sense a god of this domain. They make sure to live a legendary life creating stories and characters, to make sure the living have something to talk about and someone to aspire to. Although the [[Nameless King]] doesn't realise that's what they're doing.
# The Dead
Once a person has rid themselves of all worldly possessions and desires, they are allowed to die. Dying means that you no longer exist. It feels like sleeping, just nothing. In the grand scheme of things this is a very new concept. Created and upheld by [[Sombra de los Muertos]]. He helps people rid themselves of all their worldly possessions and desires, in order to truly die. He knows how pointless life is without death, which is why he does what he does. He is a crucial part of building legends. When a legend dies [[Sombra de los Muertos]], gives them another chance at life if they can prove themselves in the [[Colosseum of The Damned]]. In this way he rewards people who don't take their life for granted and instead live it to its fullest.
# The Damned
The damned are the people who die without leaving all their worldly possessions and desires behind. They are prevented from dying. The damned become ghosts, echoes of the past. They exist on a different plane of existence. Doomed to aimlessly roam the world until they are able to make peace with themselves and rid themselves of worldly possessions and desires. [[Sombra de los Muertos]] makes sure to help the damned die and rest in peace. No one but him and bearers of [[The Mark of The Stars]] can see the damned souls. The God of this state are [[The Stars]]. Before [[Sombra de los Muertos]] created death, [[The Stars]] made sure that everyone who died became an echo. This made living pointless and torturous. When a world got overpopulated with spectres it would crystallise turning into one big [[Star fragment]].