#Lore #Magnolian_Sea 
[[Living City of Kali]] and [[Paloma Blanca]] were once allied. A turning point came once [[Living City of Kali|Kali]] ordered an express shipment of mysterious cargo to be delivered to [[The Kali Harbor]]. The cargo were enslaved changelings captured from all across the lands. This gesture would prove to create them a vicious enemy. As soon as [[Paloma Blanca]] realized what type of business this was, she immediately rebelled. Paloma set full sails and tried to flee in order to free the slaves. Although quick the [[Living City of Kali|Kali]] fleet managed to sink her ship before she could escape. One critical pawn in this whole ordeal was a man going by the name [[William Hawkins]]. William had only recently joined Palomas crew. He was the only man aboard. While Paloma till this day blames him for the calamity that happened that faithful night, [[William Hawkins]] proved himself to be an invaluable asset to the crews and ships survival. For you see, [[William Hawkins]] was no ordinary man he was [[Nameless King]] in the flesh. He was the one bargaining chip that was enough to sway [[Sombra de los Muertos]] towards the absolute miracle that was about to take place. [[William Hawkins]], devastated by the outcome that had unraveled before him, made a plea to [[Sombra de los Muertos|Sombra]]. He begged [[Sombra de los Muertos|Sombra]] to give [[Paloma Blanca]] a deal to compensate this grand inequity that befell her and her crew. [[Sombra de los Muertos]] obliged and offered [[Paloma Blanca]] another chance. The [[Living City of Kali|Kali]] Swallow now charred and burned rose from the [[Magnolia]]n depths, ready to sail again. The crew unharmed and more vengeful than ever, used the element of surprise, greatly boosted by the ships newfound dark ebony silhouette, to drag down that accursed [[Living City of Kali|Kali]] fleet they once served, to the deepest depths of [[Magnolia]]. On that night the ship together with it's crew were born once again. An event fitting of a new name, and so the [[Black Sparrow]] was born. The crew from that day on had all met with [[Sombra de los Muertos|Sombra]] and were branded with the [[The Mark of The Stars|Mark of The Stars]]. As soon as the ship had docked [[William Hawkins]] was let go. [[Paloma Blanca]] was thoroughly convinced that the stroke of this ungodly amount of bad luck was all due to Williams presence. How deeply ironic.