#Lore #Magnolian_Sea 
In their early days of sailing [[Paloma Blanca]] and [[Theseus]] were close. Back then they were both independent merchants, sharing their wares accross the [[Magnolian Sea]] to whom ever had the [[Star Fragment]]s. They had no problem trading and working for [[Living City of Kali|Kali]] and [[Magnolian Pirates]] alike. They were well respected at sea, being valubale assets to everyone they came in contact with. As the years went by the wind of trade blew to [[Living City of Kali|Kali]]. They simply had the best pay and the biggest consumtion. [[Living City of Kali]] even started sponsoring the two. [[Paloma Blanca]] was given the [[Black Sparrow]], or rather the [[Living City of Kali|Kali]] Swallow as it was know back then. A turning point came once [[Living City of Kali|Kali]] ordered an express shipment of mysterious cargo to be delivered to [[The Kali Harbor]]. The events that unfolded that night are known as the [[Night of the Black Sparrow]]. [[Paloma Blanca]] filled with betrayl went to warn [[Theseus]] of [[Living City of Kali|Kali]]s lack of humanity. Unfortunately she was too late, [[Theseus]] had known about the slave trade for years now. He chose to comply to keep his buissnes partner. This only further proved to Paloma that men at sea cannot be trusted. Their ties only driffted further from that point. What once was an iron clad friendship turnned the two into sour enemies. [[Paloma Blanca]] turned to the [[Magnolian Pirates]] to oppose the rule of [[Living City of Kali|Kali]], while [[Theseus]] kept on serving the regime.