#Recap #Lore 
Waking up from his charm, [[Grimshot]] realised what had happened. [[Paul Mason]] had charmed him with a spell. The party wasn't happy about this so they tried to confront him. This would show to be a bit more difficult when they got stopped by [[Palamuda Slim]]. The plan was now to lure [[Paul Mason]] into the [[Jerboa Mine]] to prove that he was using mind magic on them. They convinced him that [[Jerboa Mine]] was under attack and that he had to help them out. Entering the mine the situation quickly escalated. There was a little misunderstanding about the plan, so [[Argon Silliax]] went to charge and destroy [[Jerboa Mine]] after [[Grimshot]] gave him a signal. [[Paul Mason]] quickly caught on and ran for his life. Although not without some difficulty. [[Yalier Verdrak]] and [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] tried their best to keep him there, while [[Grimshot]] tried to immobilise [[Argon Silliax]]. The fighting was brought to an end when all of them exited the mine and [[Palamuda Slim]] together with his men came to defend [[Paul Mason]]. The party now found themselves in a scene of which a big part of [[Mining Town of Jerboa]] was a witness to. A huge argument broke out. the party now had to show the whole town [[Paul Mason]]s true colors. While not convincing the general public, they certainly made people think and raise a few questions. [[Grimshot]] had a very powerful moment where he almost singlehandedly stopped [[Argon Silliax]] from destroying [[Jerboa Mine]]. [[Paul Mason]] offered to settle this whole debacle in the [[Sheriff's Office (Jerboa)]]. After talking to him and leaving the [[Sheriff's Office (Jerboa)]], [[Mary Jane Woodstock]] approached them in need of help. It was about the [[Missing Cattle of Jerboa Situation]]. She offered them a place to stay in exchange for their help. Long story short they accepted the offer and found out the thieves were actually [[Palamuda Slim]] and his goons. The problem was, they had no evidence. They had to catch them in the act. But even then, would people of Jerboa even believe them? [[Palamuda Slim]] this scary boulder... Yodelling the cows away?! No way! They had to make it all seem more believable to the public. After asking both [[Crazy Pete]] and [[Rosa]], they made a perfect plan. They were gonna get [[Palamuda Slim]] so drunk and then convince him to preform at [[Jerboa Saloon]]. Getting to the saloon a little early they had plenty of time to meet [[Groto]]. [[Palamuda Slim]] came to the [[Jerboa Saloon]]. He got drunk almost instantly. He even preformed, just as planed. The whole [[Mining Town of Jerboa]] was talking about it the next day. With what they thought were, all the pieces falling into place, the team went to [[Antikal (Jerboa)]] to ask them for help. With [[Antikal (Jerboa)]] on their side they were gonna take down [[Paul Mason]], [[Palamuda Slim]] and everything that was wrong with [[Mining Town of Jerboa|Jerboa]]. [[Antikal (Jerboa)]] ended up refusing to help, discouraging them from killing [[Paul Mason]]. This was the last straw. [[Mining Town of Jerboa]] was on it's own now. Our protagonists had enough and were leaving. But this wasn't enough for [[Argon Silliax]]. He wanted to really stick it to the man. Knowing his party wouldn't approve of what he was about to do, he snuck out at night and left. He wrote a note telling them he would not return. In the middle of the night he singlehandedly destroyed [[Jerboa Mine]] framing all of it on [[Grimshot]]. Oblivious to this fact our heroes were headed for [[Crows Point]].