#Recap #Lore 
Recovering from their confrontation with [[Fuji]] now had to figure how to handle their new state of being. Some of them missing an eye, others an arm, all of them were short on [[Star fragment]]s. Having recently heard about a [[Train Heist]] they thought this might be a good way to earn some quick bucks. Boy were they wrong... but, I digress. They had two weeks before the train was scheduled, so they decided to spend it wisely. [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)]] went of to make an "alliance" with the [[Star Tomb Bandits]], or at least what was rest of them. [[Yalier Verdrak]] devoted his time to replicating the power [[Fuji]]s sword possess. He spent a lot of time bonding with [[Line]]. [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] and [[Grimshot]] spent some time hunting. [[Grimshot]] had to practice his aim with a missing eye, and [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] wanted to strengthen their dynamic as "scout and shooter" duo. Along their hunts, they stumbled upon a [[Yarrow Madness|Yarrow Psycho]]. His name was [[Joe Batchelour]], one of [[Magnolia]]s most influential and most unrecognized philosophers. He was wandering the [[Yarrow Dessert]] trying to find [[Sombra de los Muertos]]. They brought him back to [[Crows Point]] so he could recover. [[Joe Batchelour]] told them how he has met [[Sombra de los Muertos|Sombra]] many times before, but only in his dreams. While all with different opinions about it, the squad ended up reveling to him that there is a [[Star Tomb]] not that far from here. They told him that [[Sombra de los Muertos|Sombra]] could be found there. And so the next day they all escorted him to the [[Star Tomb (Crows Point)]]. [[Joe Batchelour]] got a little ahead of himself and lost his head to [[Sheila]], trying to find [[Sombra de los Muertos]]. This made [[Sombra de los Muertos|Sombra]] furious. These buffoons lead a genius of their time straight to his death... And for what?! In the heat of the moment [[Sombra de los Muertos|Sombra]] reveled that, in her final moments [[Bonnie]] decided to sacrifice her soul in exchange for [[Grimshot]]'s. Unable to process this information [[Grimshot]], once again buried himself with work in order to cope. Many nights were spent trying to come up with a plan on how they would rob the train. Having next to no information on this train, the team came up with a plan to build a giant sand dune that was going to stop the train in it's tracks, giving them plenty of time to board. Once on the train they were going to map out anything of value they could extract. The [[Star Tomb Bandits]] were stationed at a checkpoint where they would distract the train, letting our squad escape with the loot and hide in a hole they would cover with illusions. A solid plan. The day of the heist came and the realization kicked in. This train wasn't going to stop, it was ready to bash through the sand dune. They had to improvise fast. 