#Recap #Lore 
With [[Zina]] now on their side, the crew had set their sights for [[Magnolia]]. In desperate needs of a break, and more importantly new body parts, they were hoping ti kill 2 birds with one stone. They collectively agreed that the best course of action would be to first set their sails for [[Mining Town of Jerboa|Jerboa]]. They split up (once again). [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)]] went to the meeting point together with [[Grimshot]] to take the [[Star Tomb Bandits]] with them. [[Yalier Verdrak]] went to [[Crows Point]] his priority was on [[Line]]. The two were to take a train to [[Mining Town of Jerboa|Jerboa]]. And finally [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] tamed a wild horse that he road all the way to [[Mining Town of Jerboa|Jerboa]]. [[Yalier Verdrak]] and [[Line]] had some financial trouble getting on the train. Luckily the [[Living City of Kali|Kali]] machine is still being run by humans with empathy, and so they got on the train anyways. The star tomb gang had a tough time getting to [[Mining Town of Jerboa|Jerboa]]. [[Yarrow Dessert]] was cruel. It hardened them. Returning to [[Mining Town of Jerboa|Jerboa]], all of them realized this wasn't the same mining town they left a little over a month ago. The [[Living City of Kali]] had an iron rule over the whole town, executing them one by one. Further more [[Antikal (Jerboa)]] was gone. There was no one to oppose [[Living City of Kali|Kali]]s rule. The [[Jerboa Mine]] was gone!? Destroyed by none other than [[Grimshot]]? This town was in desperate need for help. A good mixture of guilt and heroism filled the hearts of the team and they decided that someone had to do something. They consulted [[Filip Sinclair]], the new governor of [[Mining Town of Jerboa|Jerboa]]. For some an introduction and for others a reunion. [[Filip Sinclair]] was not to be bargained with. The situation got nasty. Community was split, buildings were burnt and lives were lost. The squad made a plan to expose [[Filip Sinclair]] for the horrible things he has been doing in [[Mining Town of Jerboa|Jerboa]]. Not everything went to plan and even though some part of [[Mining Town of Jerboa|Jerboa]]n population was convinced, the results weren't satisfactory. With a lot of hard work and a little bit of luck, they managed to get a reelection going. Not only that they forced [[Filip Sinclair]] into a situation where he had nothing else to do but give up. He left [[Mining Town of Jerboa|Jerboa]] and took the first private train to [[Living City of Kali|Kali]]. The [[Mining Town of Jerboa]] was now lawless, and in no way sustainable. Our protagonists decided to leave and take the willing [[Mining Town of Jerboa|Jerboa]]ns with them. The journey ahead of them was long, but they were willing to do anything in their power to make sure these good people got their lives back on track.