#Recap #Lore 
"We have a deal.", these were the words that concluded the deal made between [[Tayanna Sinclair]], representative of [[Living City of Kali|Kali]], and [[Star Up]]. [[Star Up]] was to invest all their energy into finding the remains of [[Antikal (Jerboa)]]. In exchange [[Tayanna Sinclair]] would take care of the problem they now had with [[Arthur]]. Beginning their search immediately [[Yalier Verdrak]] went off to the [[Magnolian Slums]] to see what he could do to get the rest of his team off of the blacklist. While he was there he went to check up on [[Dropotito Shipolito]], who had closed his shop for an undisclosed number of days. Confused, he went to the nearest bar to ask around. There he saw a friendly face. [[Đorđe Balašević]] was drinking at the same bar. The two caught up and agreed to meet another time, a little more planed. On another note, [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] had begun to develop quite a taste for human blood again. Her [[Blood Addiction]] had started to rekindle. She was a frequent customer at the [[Wine & Dine]]. This is also where she caught wind of a man they called [[The Elder]]. The next day [[Yalier Verdrak|Yalier]] went back to see if [[Dropotito Shipolito]]'s store was closed still. Luckily it wasn't. [[Dropotito Shipolito]] managed to get [[Star Up]] off the blacklist just as he promised. He also directed [[Yalier Verdrak|Yalier]] to [[Fabriccado's Workshop]] telling him that [[Ado Fabriccado]] might be the right man to talk to in this situation. [[Yalier Verdrak|Yalier]] went back to the rest of the gang to tell them the good news. Next step, talk to [[Ado Fabriccado]]. The line was long but they managed. [[Ado Fabriccado]] was quite helpful. He didn't exactly know where [[Antikal (Jerboa)]] were hiding, but he gave them a good place to look. Other than telling [[Star Up]] about the [[Abandoned Graveyard]] he also hinted at knowing something about [[Friendly's Captors]]. Before setting out for the graveyard our heroes moved [[Yalier Verdrak|Yalier]]'s workshop to their new residence and even got a chance to meet [[Theseus]] their "neighbor". Some time later [[Star Up]] sneakily made their way out of [[Magnolia]] and set for the [[Abandoned Graveyard]]. Arriving at the graveyard, they quickly entered the tomb and explored the tunnles. In the tunnles [[Star Up]] got to meet [[Melany]]. They showed her the stars which made her dissapear. They saved pieces of her shattered mirror for latet. Besides [[The Elder]]s never concived daughter, [[Star Up]] also got to meet [[The Elder]]s severed empathy, [[Mushroom Man]]. Meeting  [[The Elder]] they learnt that he could consume the specters they have been seeing all around their jurnies. Defeating him [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] even got much of the same powers. Before he died he mentioned something about some people hiding in the forest. These people seemed to match [[Antikal (Jerboa)]] pretty well. Even after searching around for a while the gang ended up leaving with just a scrole, [[Ruzinavi Brod]]. Leveing the area [[Grimshot]] caught wind of someone tracking them. It was the guys from [[Brass Barbershop]]. Apparently they were following them as "reinforcement" appointed by [[Living City of Kali|Kali]] and [[Tayanna Sinclair]]. [[Star Up]] was very displeased by this, and demanded to talk to [[Tayanna Sinclair]] imediatly. She showed up in the next 5 minutes where they disscused what it meant were they to continue with the contract. [[Star Up]]'s services were set on stand-by for now while they were "making their mind up". This was all what formaly happend on paper of course. What ended up happening was that [[Star Up]] went behind [[Tayanna Sinclair]]s back. Found the [[Tree House Hideout (Antikal Jerboa)]]. Made a deal with the remaining 3 members of [[Antikal (Jerboa)]], took over the possetion of [[Train Heist#The Shipment|Kali Train Shipment]] and wished them well. That night they partied at [[Wine & Dine]] where they even got paied for getting rid of [[The Elder]]. There was only one thing left to do, tell [[Tayanna Sinclair]] that they will no longer be working together. This ended up working pretty well, without any difficulties. With everything they needed done out of the way, [[Friendly]] now one last score to settle with some "old friends".