#Recap #Lore 
Making their way back to the [[New Kali Store]] the players decided to pull through with [[Mordor]]s job and find him some dragon tears. But not before making an official contract said [[Grimshot]]. They made their way to the to [[New Kali Armoury]] to talk logistics with [[Mordor]]. Thankfully [[Mordor]] was reasonable so they mad a deal with ease, creating the [[Mordor Contract]] as a result. So without further ado, the party set for the [[Bronze Dragon Cave]]. Terrified of what might await them there, the party started conspiring all sorts of emasculate plans. Making it to the cave at night the squad decided to make camp and rest up. Not without taking shifts guarding the camp of course. [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] and [[Argon Silliax]], being the two shifts closest to midnight, started seeing spectres. Along side their visions, [[The Mark of The Stars]] on their arms started slowly bleeding. Waking up in the morning [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] decided to investigate the area around the [[Bronze Dragon Cave]], trying to find the most advantageous approach the team could take. Concluding that the dragon was sleeping, [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] made a plan to lure the dragon out of it's cave and take it down with a surprise attack. Even accounting for the optimal route for retreat, should things go south. [[Grimshot]] found a perfect crows nest he could pump the dragon full of bullets from, and [[Yalier Verdrak]] and [[Argon Silliax]] stood ready to ambush. [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] progressed further into the cave finding the dragon, and to his surprise the dragons child. This was suboptimal seeing as he now needed to re-consult with the team once more. Entering the cave for the 2nd time, [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] managed to wake up the dragon. Missing... I mean, hitting the dragons impenetrable armour, [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] soon realised what kind of foe they were up against. This "foe" they were up against proved not to be a foe at all, but a lovely dragon called [[Violet]]. Subsuming to the realisation that [[Violet]] wasn't gonna do them any immediate harm, they explained to her the situation. They were in luck as it turned out, [[Violet]] needed a [[Dracona]] outpost gone by any means necessary, and was willing to trade her tears in exchange for a job well done. [[Argon Silliax]] most terrified of them all swallowed his pride and started thinking real hard about how he was going to resolve this situation without any bloodshed. Following the river the party found a waterfall atop which the outpost lied. Climbing up to the settlement cautiously, [[Argon Silliax]] soon realized that this was a [[Dracona Outpost (Near Dragon Cave)]]. Being desperate for peace, [[Argon Silliax]] took the bag of gold [[Violet]] gave them, and tried reasoning with the [[Voda]] guards, even allowing them to stab him in the process. With a mix of pity and [[Argon Silliax]] good arguing, the team were allowed a chance to speak with the captain of this [[Dracona Outpost (Near Dragon Cave)]]. One by one they were forced to leave their weapons in a wooden barrel. This of course didn't stop them from concealing the obvious ones and keeping them as insurance. Meeting the [[Voda]] captain, [[Argon Silliax]] tried long and hard to make a peaceful resolution that would benefit both parties, but unfortunately to no avail. The game was rigged from the start. Just barely snatching victory from the cold jaws of death, the squad had more close calls than any [[Dracona]] could ever count on one hand. Many [[Voda]] soldiers fled and dispersed into the woods. To everyone's surprise a few [[Voda]] soldiers were using water magic to fight. Prevailing against all odds, [[Grimshot]] decided to take on the name "[[Grimshot]] the undying". Taking shelter at the now abandoned outpost the party was once again haunted by spirits, only this time it was the ghosts of the [[Voda]] soldiers they slaughtered. In the morning the party was confronted by a [[Matte]] group trying to get some closure. The job now being done the team decided to collect their tears and set back for [[New Kali]]. Reaching [[New Kali]] at nightfall the party went to [[New Kali Store]] to rest. Morning came an they got woken up by a knock on the door. It was [[Fuji]], he came to see if they had gotten rid of their slave as promised. [[Yalier Verdrak]] assured him that the [[Dracona]] has been dealt with. [[Fuji]] left seeming to believe the lie he's been fed. They all went to the [[New Kali Armoury]] to fulfil the [[Mordor Contract]] and claim their reward. Everything went according to plan and our gang is now more geared up than ever. (TOBY ROLLED A TWO)