#Lore #Recap 
Gathering everyone up our heroes took the caravan of [[Mining Town of Jerboa|Jerboa]]ns and aimed their corsairs for [[Armadillo]]. This was voted to be the favoured destination for the people. The journey long. It took a full moon to reach [[Armadillo]]. On their way there The gang had made it their goal not only to keep everyone safe, sane and fed, but also to teach and make the remaining people of [[Mining Town of Jerboa|Jerboa]] in the caravan independent. [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] lead the hunting and scouting expeditions. His followers grew very attached to him, even started following his every word. [[Grimshot]] was in charge of protecting the caravan. Teaching people how to properly use a gun, in order to defend themselves and others if needed. [[Yalier Verdrak]] established a group of builders, who were, together with him, addressed the task of maintaining the caravan wagons. Together with [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] he would settle disputes when they occurred. This was not [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]]s only duty. She kept up the morale, and made sure to sooth the people psychologically. At the end of each day they would gather into 4 campfires, one for each group. [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]]s was clearly the most desired one. Reaching [[Armadillo]] the towns folk decided to throw a celebration. This time they united all of the campfires into one and celebrated. 2 weeks passed and more houses started to appear. The team now deemed the town self sustainable once more. It was their time to leave. In the morning of their departure, both the settlers and the locals, gave our heroes all the [[Star Fragment]] they could muster, together with a bottle of tequila for each. And with that they wished them farewell. The team had now set out for [[Magnolia]]. A week of travel was all it took for them to reach the beautiful streets of [[Magnolia]]. Roaming around the town they got recognised by non other than [[Jane]]. The same [[Jane]] that survived [[New Kali]] with them all those months ago. She was so relived to see [[Line]] alive and well. They immediately got invited to stay over at her place ([[Jane & Boons House]]). Her and [[Boon]] have moved in together and now live in [[Magnolia]]. Now having a place to stay, the team decided to go sort out what they came here for. [[Mato Inovatto's Workshop]] wasn't all too far away from where they were staying so it was relatively easy to find. [[Yalier Verdrak]] was so excited to meet [[Mato Inovatto]] in the flesh he couldn't hold it in. But when [[Yalier Verdrak]] learned about [[Mato Inovatto]]s pricing... well... some of that excitement definitely faded. Leaving Matos workshop [[Yalier Verdrak]] and [[Grimshot]] wanted to see the alternatives before settling for anything. Lucky for them [[Dropotito Shopolito]] caught them just outside and offered them the same service for one third of the price. He tried taking them into the [[Magnolian Slums]] where his shop was located. Just before entering the slums [[Grimshot]] and [[Yalier Verdrak]] had a change of heart and bailed out. The gang then went to the [[Magnolian Colosseum]] to see the hows and the whats. There they spotted [[Boon]] who was, contrary to what [[Jane]] told them, standing guard at the colosseum. Talking to him they all decided to keep it a secret. The colosseum was doing tryouts the whole month. Curious, they went to see a show. At the show the squad got a general gist of the structure and even got to see [[Chainsaw Man]] fight. The next morning a lot had to be done. [[Yalier Verdrak]] wanted to get a job so that he could help [[Magnolia]] prosper. [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] found out that [[Magnolia]] had a slam poetry battles as part of it's street culture. She wanted in. [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] went with her. [[Grimshot]] went around trying to figure out more about this new place they were in. A little birdy from [[Brass Barbershop]] told him that [[Living City of Kali|Kali]] was in town, and they were trying to find some outlaws. In the mean time [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] went to the [[Magnolian Colosseum]] and tried to get one of the fighting spots for the team. Lucky for her there was one spot for 4 people to fight [[Roar and Thunder]]s [[The Lightning Dragon|Lightning Dragon]]. She took the spot and called our heroes "[[Star Up]]". The team regrouped and went to go see about this job [[Living City of Kali]] was giving out. At the richer district of [[Magnolia]] was a seemingly normal family house, supposed "[[Living City of Kali|Kali]] HQ". They went in for a literal job interview. The squad was very honest while being interviewed, maybe a little too honest... But hey, it is [[Grimshot]]'s biggest flaw after all... right before family issues that is. So after the therapy... I mean interview session, the team was to find who turned out to be [[Antikal (Jerboa)]], for a hefty sum of 1000 [[Star Fragment]]s. A 1000 for finding them and another 1000 for killing them. As they weren't given a tight time schedule they put the task aside (even though none of these people have never seen that much money in their lives). Soon it was time for battle, and our heroes were still in desperate need of an eye and an arm. Out of pure necessity they went back to [[Dropotito Shopolito]], and bought themselves some very sketchy gear. First crisis averted. Now it was time for the battle. The locker room was tense. They didn't even really know what they were going up against. There were going to be trees in the arena and they were fighting a [[The Lightning Dragon|Lightning Dragon]]. [[Yalier Verdrak]] prepared 3 lightning rods to absorb some of the attacks the dragon could dish out. All of a sudden cutting through the silence, like a knife, a swift, "... and give it up for, Star Up!". This was it. Their make it or brake it moment. These next few minutes were going to decide whether [[Star Up]] became a new household name, or just another number for the statistics. It all happened so fast. They had [[The Lightning Dragon]] surrounded... or so they thought. [[Fayendel Greenleaf]], one moment he was atop the dragon ready to deliver a killing blow, then in a blink of an eye, [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] was in the dragons mouth. [[The Lightning Dragon]] flew 200 feet up into the air. [[Grimshot]] prepared his rifle aiming it directly at the dragon. He pulled the trigger. A big cloud of ice popped out of the dragons right wing. The lifeless hunk of metal that used to be the dragon and [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] were now falling through the air. Having no idea of what to do, Fayendel called upon [[Sheila]] for guidance. "Don't plea. Join me. Join the cause". This was all Fayendel needed to hear. Falling to the ground [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] woke up in the [[Colosseum of The Damned]], with [[Sombra de los Muertos]] waiting for him once again, but this time it was different. This time he didn't ask for a contest, he asked for one final wish. "Is this truly what you wish for?" [[Sombra de los Muertos|Sombra]] asked. Fayendel was certain. He was willing to join the cause. For his people. The same people that exiled him and abandoned him when he needed them the most. And with that [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] shook [[Sombra de los Muertos]]' hand, finalising his wish. The rest of [[Star Up]] ran as fast as they could to help their fallen brother, but it was too late. [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] was no longer with them. The audience burst out in cheer and applause. Our heroes ran out of the colosseum carrying Fayendels dead body on their shoulders. They found a nice little spot out in the woods under a tree. And there, he was buried. Above him they replanted a rosemary tree. [[Grimshot]] didn't know how to handle it, he went to the [[Magnolian Library]] to find anything even remotely to do with [[Sombra de los Muertos]]. [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] and [[Yalier Verdrak]] stayed a while longer to mourn their fallen friend. A few hours passed and it got late. [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] went to [[Wine & Dine]] to drown her sorrows. A thirst that has been calling her for years now. [[Yalier Verdrak]] highly suspicious that she was going to do something crazy, stealthily followed her. After realising that [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] just went out for a drink, he eased up. A little too much one could say, his lack of sleep caught up to him in an instant, and he collapsed on the street. [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] had broke her sobriety, and at the bottom of the bottle she found an idea. Why, she could speak with the dead. This is where [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] took the back seat and [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)]] took over. She went back to Fayendels burial ground. Unexpectedly [[Sombra de los Muertos]] was there paying his respects to [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] as well. He warned [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)]] that, what she was doing would only end up hurting her even more. They talked and then he left. [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)]] continued and dug [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] up. She spoke with Fayendel one last time and said her goodbyes. This ended up costing her. [[Sombra de los Muertos|Sombra]]s [[The Mark of The Stars|Mark of The Stars]] expanded. All spirits and were now aware of her presence. All this time [[Grimshot]] was still at the library trying to find anything even mentioning [[Sombra de los Muertos]]. This was when the man himself showed up. He handed [[Grimshot]] a book, and then he proceeded to question [[Grimshot]]s life choices. They talked and then he left just as he left [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]]. [[Grimshot]] read the book and it talked about a remote island in the [[Magnolian Sea]], said to poses something resembling a [[Star Tomb]]. [[Yalier Verdrak]] woke up again. Unfortunately for his this wasn't where he fainted. A fowl smell overtook his sense of smell and he couldn't tell up from down. Quickly he realised he was tied by chains. Yalier was very much awake now. Out the corner of his eye there it was. Staring at him. A shiver rushed down his spine when he realised the thing was slowly approaching him. Droplets falling off the ceiling was the only sound accompanying rattling sound of metal being dragged on the stone tiles of this sewer. [[Yalier Verdrak]] made his peace as it reeled in real close and said... "FIx mEe!". It was hideous. God had left this creature long ago. It very clearly had a face, but it was a face unlike any human could ever describe, and even less would ever dare to remember. It unchained Yalier and ordered him to fix his armour. Running on nothing but pure adrenaline and fear, [[Yalier Verdrak]] ran into the street with the armour to find the closest blacksmith who's anvil he could use. Completely coincidentally [[Grimshot]] was on his way home and ran into him. Yalier told him to hide [[Line]] somewhere safe and come help him out as soon as possible. [[Grimshot]] much like Yalier, didn't waste a second, he ran to [[Jane & Boons House]] and warned them. [[Yalier Verdrak]] managed to fix the armour and gave it back to the abomination. As a thank you the thing offered Yalier it's service. They swore to protect him and all his allies. Once the creature was covered it was actually kind of sweet. A kind soul. [[Yalier Verdrak]] decided to name them "[[Friendly]]". [[Friendly]] have been observing our heroes for a while now. This is why they got really excited to meet the rest of the crew. They first found [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] at [[Wine & Dine]], same place Yalier previously left her. She was wasted spitting slam poetry at some poor kid who simply couldn't compete. This was about the same time [[Grimshot]] returned to save Yalier from [[Friendly]]. A few shots were fired but Yalier managed to calm everyone down fairly quickly. They had to find [[Jane]], [[Boon]] and [[Line]] to tell them it was a false alarm. The three of them were hiding in a hotel. Things were cleared up and no one got hurt. It was now time for a proper upgrade. Yalier, [[Grimshot]] and even [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] were now ready with their ideas for [[Mato Inovatto]]. They all headed for [[Mato Inovatto's Workshop]] where they found out that they could only afford [[Grimshot]]'s and [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]]s prosthetics but not [[Yalier Verdrak]]s. On top of that they couldn't do any extreme activities for a whole month while their wishes were in development. Every day they would have to spend at least 2 hours at [[Mato Inovatto's Workshop]] just so he could get everything just right. They weren't happy but they complied. During this period of time our heroes managed to get blacklisted in the [[Magnolian Slums]]. With [[Yalier Verdrak]] working on bailing them out. [[Yalier Verdrak]] joined the [[Magnolia]]n building safety commission, where he suggested a law that would pipeline the process of certifying the building projects around [[Magnolia]]. [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] even got to preform in the [[Magnolian Colosseum]] again this time as a philosopher. She even helped [[Frank Sinatra]] with his performance, which definitely elevated his public image. [[Grimshot]] tried investigating the [[Living City of Kali|Kali]] job, but all of his leads led him to the [[Magnolian Slums]] in which he was blacklisted. [[Friendly]] helped [[Yalier Verdrak|Yalier]] build a house [[Star Up]] could live in at the [[Magnolian Bay]]. A month had passed and [[Star Up]]'s equipment was now ready for use. [[Magnolia]] was hungry for more [[Star Up]] performances which is why the team had such an easy time getting a new date at the [[Magnolian Colosseum]]. They were set to fight [[Chainsaw Man]], [[Joshua Watson]] and The Gladiator. Heavy hitters. The battle was legendary. There were multiple opponents who seemingly got resurrected mid fight. And what was even more legendary was the ending. The fight came to a standstill when [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] managed to pacify [[Chainsaw Man]] to the point where his only option was to heal. Everyone is waiting in anticipation. [[Grimshot]] taking no chances shoots [[Chainsaw Man]] with a swift shot to the head. Barely a second after [[Chainsaw Man]]'s red crystal head hits the ground, a hand emerges out of the head coop of the colosseum. A single thumb pointed to the ground. [[Chainsaw Man]] should have lived. The audience is shook. The whole colosseum bursts into a sea of discussion. The announcer rushes in to remove [[Star Up]] from the scene. They can forget everything about any kind of reward and that should be the least of their worries, he says. In the locker room someone is there to greet them. It's [[Tayanna Sinclair]]. She tells them the following: “That’s completely fine. I’ll compensate for the reward out of my own pocket. And whatever [[Arthur]] intends to do with you, I’ll take care of it. I’ll make sure to show him that what just happened was a simple misunderstanding and in no way a rebellion against his rule. But from now on, there will be no more dicking around. You are to give your full focus to the contract and finish it as quick as possible. Do we have a deal?”