#Recap #Lore 
Driving to [[Living City of Kali]], the party had some time to kill. [[Line]], [[Argon Silliax]] and [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] got to learn math; [[Grimshot]] started planning how to kill [[Sombra de los Muertos]]; and [[Yalier Verdrak]] got a better chance to bond with [[Line]]. [[Yalier Verdrak]] also got to drive the [[Traveling Carriage (New Kali - Yarrow)]] and derail the trip. Entering the [[Yarrow Dessert]] the [[Traveling Carriage (New Kali - Yarrow)]] was ambushed. The carriage was ambushed by [[Antikal (Jerboa)]]. Killing 2 members the team realised that they were two sides fighting for the same cause. Calming the situation the team let the surviving [[Antikal (Jerboa)]] members go. [[Jonny]] had his leg shattered, so the party decided to carry him to the [[Jerboa Clinic]]. Entering the [[Mining Town of Jerboa]] the team witnessed an execution. Curious about the town the party decided to investigate a little. Quickly they realised that [[Mining Town of Jerboa]] wasn't very fond of these [[Antikal (Jerboa)]] folks. Still when the sun set they decided to pay them a visit. At the [[Antikal Camp (Jerboa)]] the players got an opportunity to join the cause. Not being convinced just yet, they returned to [[Mining Town of Jerboa]]. In the morning they set out to take a look at the [[Jerboa Mine]]. Concluding it was extremely fragile they now wanted to check up on [[Line]]. She was slowly but surely being radicalised by the [[Mining Town of Jerboa]], adopting the same views as the people living there. A little disturbed our heroes went to have a little chat with [[Paul Mason]]. Wouldn't you know it, [[Paul Mason]] might not be the guy he likes to portray himself as.