#Recap #Lore 
Waking up in the morning our heroes realized that [[Argon Silliax]] was missing. Only thing he left behind, a poorly written note. A little concerned for him the party didn't waste much time before setting their sails for [[Crows Point]]. On their long journey through the [[Yarrow Dessert]] they encountered a few strange phenomena. Since they were mostly traveling at night, they got a chance to see a plethora of prehistoric marine life specters. Through this they got a little more familiar with the concept of [[Dying]]. On their journey they met some Yarrow bison, saw some train tracks, and even had what they thought was "a close call encounter with [[The Yarrow Breeze]]". After 8 long days, starved and tired they finally made it to [[Crows Point]]. Before resting [[Grimshot]] secretly went out to visit [[Bonnie's Grave]]. To his surprise the grave was accompanied by another more recent grave. A grave of his own. Returning home [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] was suspicious and decided to investigate finding the same two graves. Unfortunately he was only able to extract that one of them had "[[Grimshot]]" written on it. Later that day, [[Grimshot]] decided to catch up with a few of his old friends. [[Hewie One Tusk]] was the first stop. Upon seeing [[Grimshot]] he was in genuine shock and aw. This would prove to be a trend among the [[Crows Point]] residence. Hewie offered to make them food and take care of [[Line]]. He also told them about a new face around town. The name? [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)]]! Thinking this was [[Sombra de los Muertos]], [[Grimshot]] rushed for [[Jenny's House]]. [[Jenny]] seemed to be relatively safe, but the party was still on high alert. Expecting a big confrontation in the garden, the gang was pleasantly surprised to find out this was a different [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)]]. Talking to her led to a lot of real names being reviled. [[Sinclair Family|Sinclair]]!? [[Goldworth Family|Goldworth]]!? [[Yalier Verdrak]] was having none of it. He almost murk-ed [[Grimshot]] on the spot. [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] could not let that happen, hence she magically pacified him. Turns out [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)]] was also searching for [[Sombra de los Muertos|Sombra]]. Confusing I know. This was about time [[Hewie One Tusk]] was done making food. [[Grimshot]] and [[Hewie One Tusk]] got to reminisce about the good old days. A few things happened after the food, [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] discovered that [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)]] has an interesting way of feeding. Although he didn't really seem to mind. [[Grimshot]] got to catch up with the rest of [[Crows Point]]. He noticed that [[Butch]] was acting particularly sketchy. As if he were hiding something. Stealing a letter from [[Butch's House]], the party discovered that [[Butch]] was in contact with the [[Goldworth Family|Goldworth]]'s. The next day our protagonists headed for [[Grimshot's Vault]]. They very quickly they realized that the vault had been raided. [[Grimshot]] knew immediately who was to blame. Catching [[Butch]] just before he managed to flee, the gang decided to question him. This is where all the beans spilled. [[Butch]] has for the better part of 20 years been a spying guardian of [[Grimshot]], hired by [[Grimshot]]'s parents. And that's not even half of it. [[Goldworth Family|Goldworth]]'s recently stopped paying him, witch led him to sell [[Grimshot's Vault]] to some local [[Star Tomb Bandits]], and proclaim [[Grimshot]] dead. As an apology [[Butch]] decided to lead to the [[Star Tomb (Crows Point)]] where the bandits were hiding. Wiping the floor with the [[Star Tomb Bandits]] (_**respectfully**_), all of them got [[Grimshot]]'s loot back. [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] made sure to extract some information out of the surviving bandits, and found out they were planning a heist on a classified [[Living City of Kali|Kali]] train, due in about 2 weeks. While they all rested for a little [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)]] decided to tell the story of "The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas". Very fitting for what they were about to find exploring this [[Star Tomb]] further. [[Sheila]] was waiting for them. She only granted audience to [[Fayendel Greenleaf]]. The rest of the team was visited by [[Sombra de los Muertos]]. He told them just as before to leave, and not mess with things that are beyond their understanding. [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] and [[Sheila]] communicated by song. She foretold of a shadowy figure that got her into this. Of the deal she made. Of the days long forgotten when [[Yarrow Dessert]] used to be buried by ocean. She effectively shattered [[Fayendel Greenleaf]]'s understanding of reality. Before he left [[Sheila]] gave him a lock of her hair he could contact her with, intended for the hardest and the cruelest of nights. Having decided on leaving the [[Star Tomb]] alone, our protagonists headed back for [[Crows Point]]. There, they were met by a terrifying sight. [[Fuji]] was alive. He had taken [[Line]] as a hostage and had already dealt with [[Argon Silliax]]. [[Yalier Verdrak]] had no other option but to try and solve this situation peacefully. He approached [[Fuji]] carefully making sure to follow his every command. He let [[Line]] go. Unfortunately, as faith would have it, [[Fuji]] wasn't here to make amends. His eyes filled with rage, one swift strike and [[Yalier Verdrak]]'s arm was on the floor. A ruthless warrior, one that managed to blind [[Grimshot]] with his own bullet. Only after bringing half of the squad to the verge of death did he finally fall. His life fading together with the sunlight, he accepted his death. That dawn didn't only mark the end of the day, but the end of an era. The last echo of [[New Kali]] had faded into the night.