#Recap #Lore 
By following the map the party managed to find their way to [[New Kali]]. Before entering they witnessed [[Fuji]] slaughtering a group of [[Igni]] scouts. They decided to confront him. He thought [[Argon Silliax]] was a slave and decided to spare him. After some talking he gave the party one of his wet stones and went back to "defending the city". One of the [[Igni]] scouts survived and eventually returned to [[Igni Settlement]]. He can be referred to as the [[Igni Scout Survivor]]. Getting into [[New Kali]] wasn't much of a struggle. [[Argon Silliax]] picked up a hood off of one of his fallen brothers so he could hide his appearance, and they showed the guard at the [[Entrance to New Kali]], [[Fuji]]'s wet stone. In the city they first found their way to [[Billy's Box]], where they got the chance to talk to [[Billy Black]] and hear some of his ideas. They soon began poking holes in his arguments by asking when and where they can vote. This especially inspired [[Yalier Verdrak]] to help out the people of [[New Kali]]. He helped a woman out and she promised to spread the word about them. The party then found their way to the [[New Kali Store]], where they got a chance to talk to [[Shaun]]. They tried buying recourses for a house but soon realised they don't own any land there. [[Shaun]] told them about the [[Golden Barrel]] so they decided to try their luck there. At the [[Golden Barrel]] [[Yalier Verdrak]] got wasted and [[Argon Silliax]] found the person he was looking for. [[Mauna Loa]] was there playing poker as usual. [[Grimshot]] and [[Argon Silliax]] decided to play her in hopes of garnering more information about the [[The Lightning Dragon]]. [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] had the amazing idea to smoke some of the bugs he's been saving. He offered the pipe [[Mauna Loa]] and [[Argon Silliax]] and soon they were all extremely high. One thing led to another and now they were all playing poker. After some time, and a lot of cash, the party befriended [[Mauna Loa]]. As a token of gratitude [[Mauna Loa]] threw [[Shaun]] out of the [[New Kali Store]], assigning it to the party. [[Yalier Verdrak]] ran out after [[Shaun]] to give him his money as an apology, while the rest of the party settled in to their new home. [[Yalier Verdrak]] was somewhat successful in earning [[Shaun]]s trust back and is now on ok terms with him. The next day the party made their way to the [[New Kali Armoury]] where they met [[Mordor]] who consequently gave them a job. They are to return to him with a full bottle of dragon tears, in exchange for a big reward. Next up, the party pointed their way towards the [[New Kali Chapel]], where they met [[Etna]]. After talking to her they decided to help her in deactivating whatever is messing with her magic in the forest.