#Recap #Lore 
Concluding the [[Mordor Contract]], the party was now set to find another contract. Making their way to the [[Golden Barrel]], the gang found themselves in a dilemma. Everyone had a different contract they wanted to do. They ended up splitting to pursue different contracts. [[Argon Silliax]] went home to prepare for his journey to [[Igni Settlement]]; [[Yalier Verdrak]] went over to help [[Silvia]] build her house; and [[Grimshot]] and [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] decided to help [[Boon]]. [[Yalier Verdrak]] soon realised coming to the address that the house was already built. He ended up having a chat with [[Silvia]] and [[Shaun]]. [[Grimshot]] and [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] met with [[Boon]] and started rigorously investigating the disappearance of [[Selma]]. Working hard the whole day, the duo decided to continue their investigation tomorrow. This would turn out to be a mistake. The investigation was cut short the next day after a devastating explosion hit [[New Kali]]. Everyone ran for their lives, but unfortunately all but 7 people met their unfortunate demise. Only survivors were the party, [[Boon]], [[Jane]], and [[Line]]. [[Yalier Verdrak]] built a shelter and the squad decided to adopt [[Line]]. While [[Jane]] and [[Boon]] recovered, the grope decided to investigate what [[Argon Silliax]] saw in the [[Giant Ant Hive]] all the way back in [[(Session 1) The Bininging]]. The thing [[Argon Silliax]] saw was [[Living City of Kali]], home to [[Line]]. They decided that the next course of action was to make their way to the [[Living City of Kali]]. Lucky for them, [[Boon]] knew just the way to get there. There was this [[Traveling Carriage (New Kali - Yarrow)]] that could get them over to [[Living City of Kali]]. The plan was set but first, [[Argon Silliax]] had some unfinished business to attend to. Him and [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] went away to give the people of [[Igni]] some firearms. In the mean time [[Grimshot]] and [[Yalier Verdrak]] were appointed the task of striking a deal with [[Mike Mihaelov]]. Returning safely from their journey the squad was now officially on it's way to [[Living City of Kali]]. 