#Lore #Recap 
Starting at their head quarters, [[Star Up]] made a list of all the things they still needed done. [[Yalier Verdrak|Yalier]] needed a better prosthetic for his arm; [[Friendly]] had a score to settle with his [[Friendly's Captors|Captors]]; [[Grimshot]] needed to make a plan for a voyage; and [[Sombra (Calaca Sinclair)|Calaca]] made a big image for herself, this image needed upkeeping ofcourse. Two of those things could be solved by talking to [[Ado Fabriccado]]. That's why they split up. [[Friendly]] and [[Yalier Verdrak|Yalier]] were to go speak with [[Ado Fabriccado]], while [[Grimshot]] set out, to figure out a deal with [[Theseus]]. Talking to [[Theseus]] proved to be just what they needed. He was missing some crew desierably with their exact skill-set. Talking to [[Ado Fabriccado]] proved friutful aswell. [[Friendly]] got the current location of his [[Friendly's Captors|Captors]] and [[Yalier Verdrak|Yalier]] got a great deal on his prosthetic shield arm. As promised to [[Friendly]], [[Star Up]] were going to deal with [[Friendly's Captors]]. They prepared a fear based ambush, confronting them in their own home. While the proces of capturing [[Friendly's Captors]] went flawlessly, [[Friendly]] did get paralised by a great dose of black tar heroin. [[Friendly]] was most certainly going to overdose. Having no time to spare [[Yalier Verdrak|Yalier]] localised the heroin and sucked it out. Interegating the [[Friendly's Captors|Captors]] proved to be a dead-end. [[Star Up]] was now ready to dedicate all their time to preparing for their voyage. While preparing one day, they got a knock on their door. The figure that was standing on the other side of that door was no other than [[Conquest]] himself... or so it would seem. Turns out it was just [[Zina]] giving them a sacare. She just wanted a checkup. Some days went by and it was now time for the voyage.  They packed their things and went aboard the [[Grand Beluga]]. They were 14 days at sea befroe the [[Magnolia]]n waves led them to [[Gawain's Island]]. [[Theseus]] set them of with a rowboat and reminded them that he would be returning in a week to pick them up. Reaching the shore our protagonists fairly quickly realised that the island was baren. Spending a whole day searching they eventualy found [[Sir Gawain of Catarina]] getting blasted next to some ainchent shipwreck. He told him about his noble quest and how he was in a bit of a pickle. Conversing with him the gang realised that a way to achive all of their goals might lie in the scripture they found ([[Ruzinavi Brod]]). They spent the whole night desperately trying to translate this ainchent text, and just as the sun was about to rise our heroes managed to translate the song, singing it with the full understanding of the text. The [[Magnolian Sea]] started caving in on iself, as an island started emerging from the depths, fullfiling the moon crest shape of [[Gawain's Island]]. The true nature of this island has now been reviled.