#Recap #Lore 
The party made their way over to the [[Star Tomb (New Kali)]] where they were met by [[Sombra de los Muertos]]. He advised them not to enter, saying how they had no idea what forces they were meddling with. Ignoring the words of Sombra the players proceeded to explore the [[Star Tomb (New Kali)]], [[Fayendel Greenleaf]] leading the way. In it, they found a large [[Star Fragment]], along side a dozen dead [[Star Monks]]. From the carvings on the walls they got to learn a little about the [[Nameless City]] and [[The Stars]]. Entering further into the tomb, the players got ambushed by 3 [[Root Golem]]s. They fought long and hard and eventually the players managed to take down the monolith and the [[Root Golem]]s guarding it. Although not with ease. [[Grimshot]] got knocked out during the fight. This is where he learnt [[Sombra de los Muertos]] true nature. [[Grimshot]] woke up in the [[Colosseum of The Damned]], where he got to prove himself in the [[Battle for the last breath]]. Proving his worth, [[Grimshot]] got the chance to live another day, with the help of his team of course. Thanks to [[Argon Silliax]] the whole squad got back on their feet right away, after such a devastating battle. Although one scar they didn't manage to get rid of. [[The Mark of The Stars]], was etched to each of their arms individually. Concerned about the mark restraining his magical abilities, [[Argon Silliax]] tested to see if anything about his magic has changed, concluding that nothing has changed. [[Yalier Verdrak]] even tried tearing it out of his skin but to no avail. Leaving the [[Star Tomb]] at the brink of dawn, the players set for home. After a long days rest the players went to claim their rewards from [[Etna]]. [[Yalier Verdrak]] got side-tracked and instead decided to help a family build a home. He also decided to build a carriage for transporting planks. While [[Yalier Verdrak]] spent the rest of the day doing his little project, the rest of the party went to claim their reward. Arriving to [[New Kali Chapel]], [[Grimshot]] had a slipup an vaguely hinted at [[Argon Silliax]]s true identity. Confronting [[Etna]] would prove unsatisfactory for the team. After very obviously, lying about not finding any loot at the [[Star Tomb (New Kali)]], [[Etna]] was convinced to reward them with a lesser reward, seeing as they kept whatever they found in the tomb. The players actions were justified, as they thought [[Etna]] was going to scam them. 